Add docs for version_compile_* variables (#6649)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: (string)
- This variable returns additional details about the TiDB version. For example, 'TiDB Server (Apache License 2.0) Community Edition, MySQL 5.7 compatible'.

### version_compile_os

- Scope: NONE
- Default value: (string)

> - This variable returns the OS that TiDB is running on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable returns the OS information on which TiDB is running.
```

### version_compile_machine

- Scope: NONE
- Default value: (string)

> - This variable returns the CPU architecture that TiDB is running on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable returns the CPU architecture information on which TiDB is running.
```
